fix(mnq) update SNS concepts for GA (#3371)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/messaging/concepts.mdx

Topic-based messaging systems are a subset of the [publish/subscribe](#publishsubscribe) model, and contrast with [content-based](#content-based) systems. In a topic-based system, messages are published to "topics" or named logical channels. See [topic](#topic) for more information.

> ## Topic Volume

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Topic volume
```

> Stream volume is one of the factors affecting the billing of Scaleway Messaging and Queuing with SNS. Topic volume is calculated as the total sum of each message'size going out from the topic to the subscriptions)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stream volume is one of the factors affecting the billing of Scaleway Messaging and Queuing with SNS. Topic volume is calculated as the total sum of the sizes of all messages sent from the topic to the subscriptions.)
```

> Stream volume is one of the factors affecting the billing of Scaleway Messaging and Queuing with SNS. Topic volume is calculated as the total sum of the sizes of all messages sent from the topic to the subscriptions.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stream volume is one of the factors affecting the billing of Scaleway Messaging and Queuing with SNS. Topic volume is calculated as the total sum of the sizes of all messages sent from the topic to the subscriptions.
```
